[Music]
we're here at the b2b marketing exchange
in Scottsdale Arizona and I'm with Pam
didn't er hello everyone we're talking
about her new book that she's about to
release tell me about your second book
what's what's it about
alright the second book is called
effective sales enablement it's really
about connecting the dots for marketers
and thinking holistically get a solid
understanding of the sales processes and
methodologies and the tactics and then
look at what kind of marketing elements
and programs that we have and that we
can leverage that in a more creative way
for sales so tell me about the book what
made you want to write another one you
must really enjoy writing really no I
actually don't enjoy writing that much I
don't even consider myself a good writer
however I find that writing crystallized
my thoughts and helps me put abstract
concepts into a very solid framework the
whole process is really a lot of
drafting and also rewriting and the
essence of writing is rewriting anyway
and that's what a writer does so it's
right in the book easier the second time
around there are a couple things I found
I learned if you well from the first
time the first one is incorporate others
point of view when I wrote my first book
Global Content Marketing I drew for my
own experience a lot before this time
around I actually presented a lot of
case studies and other people's stories
so where can we find the book amazon.com
by default you can also find it in
regular retail outlets and if you cannot
find it by the way please reach out to
me Pam did not calm and I will make sure
that I find a copy for you you can also
download the first chapter free on my
website again Pam dinner calm check it
out I would love to hear feedback from
you if you have a chance to read a book
if there's anything I can do better just
No